Change callback docs (#5507)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/language/syntax/properties.md

    }
}
```

> <!--

Reviewer: I guess this won't show up just yet, which makes sense ... until we make it stable?

Author: Yes that's the idea

> ## Changed Callbacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change Callbacks
```

**This feature is still experimental**

> In Slint, it's possible to define a callback that executes when a property changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Slint, it's possible to define a callback that is invoked when a property's value changes.
```

```slint
import { LineEdit } from "std-widgets.slint";
export component Example inherits Window  {
    VerticalLayout {
        LineEdit {

>             // This callback triggers when the `text` property of the LineEdit changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // This callback is invoked when the `text` property of the LineEdit changes
```

            changed text => { t.text = self.text; }
        }
        t := Text {}
    }
}
```

> Note that these callbacks aren't executed immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that these callbacks aren't invoked immediately.
```

> Instead, they're queued for execution in the subsequent iteration of the event loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, they're queued for invocation in the subsequent iteration of the event loop.
```

A callback is invoked only if the property's value has indeed changed.

> If a property's value changes multiple times within the same event loop cycle, the callback is triggered only once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a property's value changes multiple times within the same event loop cycle, the callback is invoked only once.
```

> Additionally, if a property's value changes and then reverts to its original state before the callback is executed, the callback won't be invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if a property's value changes and then reverts to its original value before the callback would be invoked, then then callback won't be invoked.
```

> **Warning:** During a change event, altering properties that could lead to the same property being affected is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** Altering properties during a change event in a way that could lead to the same property being affected is undefined behaviour.
```

```slint,no_preview
export component Example {
    in-out property <int> foo;
    property bar: foo + 1;

>     // This setup creates a potential loop between `foo` and `bar`, and the outcome is undefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // This setup creates a potential loop between `foo` and `bar`, and the outcome is undefined.
```

    changed bar => { foo += 1; }
}
```

> The current design limits the execution of handlers to a few iterations before stopping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above represents an infinite loop. Slint will break the loop after a few iterations.
```

> Consequently, if there's a sequence of changed callbacks (where one callback triggers another change callback),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, if there's a sequence of changed callbacks where one callback triggers another change callback,
```

> this sequence might break, and further callbacks won't execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this sequence might break, and further callbacks won't be invoked.
```

Therefore, it's crucial not to overuse changed callbacks.

**Warning:** Utilize changed callbacks only when an alternative through binding isn't feasible.

For instance, avoid doing this:

```slint,ignore
changed bar => { foo = bar + 1; }
```

Instead, opt for:

```slint,ignore
foo: bar + 1;
```

> Bindings automatically manage dependencies and offer a more declarative approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Declarative bindings automatically manage dependencies.
```

Using a changed callback forces immediate evaluation of bindings, which are typically evaluated lazily.
This practice also compromises the purity of bindings, complicating edits via graphical editors.

> Accumulating excessive changed events can introduce issues and bugs, especially in scenarios involving loops
> (where a change callback modifies a property, potentially triggering changes to the same property).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accumulating excessive changed events can introduce issues and bugs, especially in scenarios involving loops, where a change callback modifies a property, potentially triggering changes to the same property.
```
